Update extension strings and readme (#11523)
microsoft/aspire: extension/README.md

The Aspire VS Code extension provides a set of commands and tools to help you work with Aspire and Aspire AppHost projects directly from Visual Studio Code.

## Commands

The extension adds the following commands to VS Code:

| Command                               | Description                                                                                                                                              | Availability |
|---------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|

> | Aspire: Add an integration            | Add an integration, such as the Aspire Redis integration (`Aspire.Hosting.Redis`) to the Aspire project.                                                 | Available    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Aspire: Add an integration            | Add a hosting integration (`Aspire.Hosting.*`) to the Aspire apphost.                                                 | Available    |
```

> | Aspire: Configure launch.json         | Adds the default Aspire debugger launch configuration to your workspace's `launch.json`, which will detect and run the apphost project in the workspace. | Available    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Aspire: Configure launch.json         | Adds the default Aspire debugger launch configuration to your workspace's `launch.json`, which will detect and run the apphost in the workspace. | Available    |
```

> | Aspire: Deploy apphost                | Deploy the contents of an Aspire apphost to its defined deployment targets.                                                                              | Preview      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Aspire: Deploy app                | Deploy the contents of an Aspire apphost to its defined deployment targets.                                                                              | Preview      |
```

> | Aspire: Manage configuration settings | Manage configuration settings.                                                                                                                           | Available    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Aspire: Manage configuration settings | Manage configuration settings including feature flags.                                                                                                                           | Available    |
```

> | Aspire: New Aspire project            | Create a new Aspire project.                                                                                                                             | Available    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Aspire: New Aspire project            | Create a new Aspire apphost or starter app from a template.                                                                                                                             | Available    |
```

> | Aspire: Open Aspire terminal          | Open an Aspire terminal for working with Aspire projects.                                                                                                | Available    |

Reviewer: What is an Aspire Terminal? one that already is running?

Author: It's a special vs code terminal! in which commands are run. I updated the string

| Aspire: Publish deployment artifacts  | Generates deployment artifacts for an Aspire apphost.                                                                                                    | Preview      |

> | Aspire: Update integrations           | Update integrations in the Aspire project.                                                                                                               | Preview      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Aspire: Update integrations           | Update hosting integrations and Aspire SDK in the apphost.                                                                                                               | Preview      |
```

All commands are available from the Command Palette (`Cmd+Shift+P` or `Ctrl+Shift+P`) and are grouped under the "Aspire" category:

## Debugging

> To run an Aspire application using the Aspire VS Code extension, you must be using Aspire 9.5 or higher, which supports debugging Python and C# projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run an Aspire application using the Aspire VS Code extension, you must be using Aspire 9.5 or higher, which supports debugging Python and C# projects (if the Python and C# Dev Kit extensions are installed).
```

> To use the Aspire debugger to run and debug your Aspire application, add an entry to the workspace `launch.json`. You can change the apphost to run by setting the `program` field to an apphost project file based on the below example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run and debug your Aspire application, add an entry to the workspace `launch.json`. You can change the apphost to run by setting the `program` field to an apphost project file based on the below example:
```

Reviewer: need to figure out lter how single file will work
